with it so tight at the bottom points
were a valuable commodity percent Maron
as they faced Hamilton Academical Deaton
left-footed with the coroner Naismith
was up go attacking away by McKinnon
only as far as Goodwin who lofts it back
in Naismith header can have looked to
try and flick it on towards goal easy
for McGovern
level with mother well and Ross County
all three on 18 points at the bottom
news Allen go well struck it well enough
Michael McGovern moving across his goal
to make what was in the end of
comfortable enough see but good hit from
go go making his debut for stood barren
Scotland pure touch no Sean Kelly took a
touch on its way through of Ziggy Gordon
Deaton cleared by McKinnon Deaton will
have a second attempt
past his man and in together of what I
saved that was by Michael McGovern
brilliant stop by the goalkeeper can
have looked certain to score Hendry on
to Ali Crawford surrenders possession
though it's Dayton to go good feet from
Allen go almost a spectacular goal on
his debut left footed curling and tipped
over by McGovern Hamilton have not won
since the fourth of January really
struggling of late four points Crawford
to Scotland gets the return Jason
Scotland dragged it well wide though his
last goal came way back in August
MacKinnon don't goes MacKinnon and
there's a bit of afters there with
decent ball is cleared and there
something has gone on off the ball there
between dari and MacKinnon and James
Dayton the crowd reaction made referee
Crawford Allen aware to the situation
well then well it's off camera -
unfortunately but Deaton is boots or -
MacKinnon both players left baffled and
Jason Scotland isn't happy with his
teammates either and it all kicks off a
little between he and Darien MacKinnon
Nesmith and then goes MacKinnon while he
was boot just 30 seconds ago Darien
MacKinnon walking a tightrope
Nesmith goes down clutching his neck up
the lane for Thompson
just about keeps it in play Thompson oh
it's a good run for him again great stop
by McGovern he's been Hamilton
Academical best player by some margin
Kelly Sadler always done well here the
man on Lord from West town still going
and opens it up for Dayton who heads to
the bailing Deaton's done well top
certain it could be a massive gold
person Marin Stephen Thompson's first of
the season set up by Dayton Thompson
from five yards out Samiran lead at home
canning the target but misses everyone
comes to McKinnon County gets a second
chance at it Richards is there though
he's not had too much to do in this game
Crawford Hamilton beginning to pile men
forward Crawford again has a good record
this season against simran well he
scored three goals including two here
back in August firing over the top
Mullins free kick well Wade in the end
Crawford to take
oh it's canning what a chance for the
manager to risk your point that's it
Cimarron availed on their first win in
Paisley in the league this season
you